Docs: Split Traffic Analytics to a How-to guide and a Feature entry (Diátaxis) (#9677)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/guides/search-analytics.rst

> How To Use Search Analytics

Author: ```suggestion
How to use search analytics
```

===========================

In this guide, you can learn to use Read the Docs' built-in search analytics for your documentation project.

To see a list of the top queries and an overview from the last month,
go to the :guilabel:`Admin` tab of your project,
and then click on :guilabel:`Search Analytics`.

.. figure:: /_static/images/search-analytics-demo.png
   :width: 50%
   :align: center
   :alt: Search analytics demo

   How the search analytics page looks.

In **Top queries in the past 30 days**,
you see all the latest searches ordered by their popularity.
The list itself is often longer than what meets the eye,

> Scroll downwards on the list itself to see more results.

Author: This was super annoying to have to write.

But the list has a hidden scrollbar in my browser... Very easy to miss this scroll bar :/

> How to use search analytics

Reviewer: This is a much better "how to use" article, because it gives a lot of context and ideas for how to analyze the data. Veering slightly into explanation, but I think it's actually a great how to.

Author: True that it tries to do a better job at giving _practical explanation_ to the use of what's visible on a particular page... but the explanation is centered around performing a specific task (i.e. the how-to title), so I hope it doesn't break our concept of the 4 axis.

@humitos you mentioned on another very "dull" step-by-step how-to that it barely provided value. The example was really good. I quoted your response [here](https://github.com/readthedocs/readthedocs.org/pull/9785#issuecomment-1361808732). For cases like this, does it make sense that we ask ourselves questions like:

* _Can this how-to contain recommendations and practical advice without breaking the how-to format?_
* _Can this how-to be expanded with relevant troubleshooting?_
* _Worst-case: Is this how-to describing a task that's so trivial and self-evident that we might as well remove it?_

Reviewer: > * _Can this how-to contain recommendations and practical advice without breaking the how-to format?_
> * _Can this how-to be expanded with relevant troubleshooting?_
> * _Worst-case: Is this how-to describing a task that's so trivial and self-evident that we might as well remove it?_

I think these are great questions to ask. In particular, if we're representing something trivial, I think a small video/gif would likely do a lot more good for users. Perhaps something to try in the future. You can embed mp4/webp/etc. in webpages now as a gif really easily, and much smaller: https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/11/gif-to-video/#replace-animated-gifs-with-video-in-the-browser

Author: All added to the Style-guide PR :+1: #9840

===========================

In this guide, you can learn to use Read the Docs' built-in search analytics for your documentation project.

To see a list of the top queries and an overview from the last month,
go to the :guilabel:`Admin` tab of your project,
and then click on :guilabel:`Search Analytics`.

.. figure:: /_static/images/search-analytics-demo.png
   :width: 50%
   :align: center
   :alt: Search analytics demo

   How the search analytics page looks.

In **Top queries in the past 30 days**,
you see all the latest searches ordered by their popularity.
The list itself is often longer than what meets the eye,
Scroll downwards on the list itself to see more results.

Understanding your analytics
----------------------------

In **Top queries in the past 30 days**, you can see the most popular terms that users have searched for.
Next to the search query, the number of actual **results** for that query is shown.

> The number of times the query has been registered is displayed in the as the **searches** number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of times the query has been searched is displayed as the **searches** number.
```

Reviewer: exact query.

> * If you see a search term that doesn't have any results,
>   you could apply that term in documentation articles or create new ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you see a search term that doesn't have any results,
  you could apply that term in documentation articles or create new ones.
  This is a great way to understand missing gaps in your documentation. 
```

* If a search term is often used but the documentation article exists,
  it can also indicate that it's hard to navigate to the article.

> * Try to repeat the search yourself and view the results list to inspect if the results are relevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Repeat the search yourself and inspect the results to see if they are relevant.
   You can add keywords to various pages that you want to show up for searches on that page. 
```
